Save the normal components in the particle buffer when there is EB (#4702)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/usage/parameters.rst

By default, all of the collected particle data is written out at the end of the simulation. Optionally, the ``<diag_name>.intervals`` parameter can be given to specify writing out the data more often.
This can be important if a large number of particles are lost, avoiding filling up memory with the accumulated lost particle data.

In addition to their usual attributes, the saved particles have
   an integer attribute ``step_scraped``, which indicates the PIC iteration at which each particle was absorbed at the boundary,

>    a real attribute ``time_scraped``, which indicates the exact time calculated when each particle hit the boundary,

Reviewer: time_scraped changes in a later PR 
need to ensure this PR gets merged first

>    3 real attributes ``nx``, ``ny``, ``nz``, which represents the three components of the normal to the EB on the point of contact of the particles (not saved if they reach grid boundaries)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   3 real attributes ``nx``, ``ny``, ``nz``, which represents the three components of the normal to the boundary on the point of contact of the particles (not saved if they reach non-EB boundaries)
```
